In this lesson, we are studying Discrete Path Planning,
which we've broken down into three steps: continuous representation,
discretization, and graph search.
In continuous representation, we learned how to create a configuration space.
In our study of discretization,
we learned about three different types of methods that can be used to
represent a configuration space with discrete segments.
The first of these methods is the roadmap group of methods.
Here, we modeled the configuration space as a simple graph by
either connecting the vertices of the obstacles or building a Voronoi diagram.
Next, we looked at cell decomposition,
which broke the space into a finite number of cells,
each of which was assessed to be empty, full, or mixed.
The empty cells were then linked together to create a graph.
Lastly, gradient field is a method that models the configuration space using
a 3D function that has the goal as global minimum and obstacles as tall structures.
Now, most of these methods left us with a graph representations of the space.
In the upcoming section on graph search,
you will learn how to traverse the graph to find the best path for your robot.